chore: add 9.1.0 alpha release notes (#21576)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: api/release-notes.md

## Opentrons Robot Software Changes in 9.1.0

Welcome to the v9.1.0 release of the Opentrons Flex robot software! This release enables step grouping to better visualize and organize Python protocols, along with other new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

### New Features

- Use new methods to create step groups within your Python protocols. These groups are visible in your protocol file, or in protocol [visualization][https://docs.opentrons.com/flex/opentrons-app/protocol-viz/]:
  - `group_steps()`

>   - the `create_and_start_step_group()` and `end_group() commands

Reviewer: This detail can be left to the API docs.

```suggestion
- Use new methods to create step groups within your Python protocols. These groups are visible in your protocol file, or in [protocol visualization](https://docs.opentrons.com/flex/opentrons-app/protocol-viz/).
```

> - Use the `set_empty() method to label a tip rack as empty, and return used tips to an empty rack throughout your protocol.

Reviewer: missing backticks
```suggestion
  - the `create_and_start_step_group()` and `end_group()` commands
- Use the `set_empty()` method to label a tip rack as empty, and return used tips to an empty rack throughout your protocol.
```

### Feature Improvements

> Most pipettes, with the exception of the Flex 96-channel pipette, no longer descend during attachment, detachment, or probe attachment to prevent collision risk.

Reviewer: maybe 
```suggestion
Most Flex pipettes no longer descend during attachment, detachment, or probe attachment to prevent collision risk. The 96-channel pipette sill descends.
```

Author: Yep I like this; thanks

### Bug Fixes

> The API correctly calculates maximum aspirate volume for liquid handling steps using Flex 1-Channel (1--50 µL) pipette and 20 µL pipette tips to prevent unnecessary protocol errors.

Reviewer 2: This bug exists on the 8-channel 50uL pipette as well, not just 1-channel.
Also we should mention that the bug/error is in liquid-classes based distributes only and not in any other liquid handling commands.

Reviewer: "Distributing with a liquid class now correctly calculates maximum aspirate volume for Flex 50 µL pipettes using 20 µL tips." ?

Reviewer 2: Perfect!

Author: thank you both!

> The API correctly calculates maximum aspirate volume for liquid handling steps using Flex 1-Channel (1--50 µL) pipette and 20 µL pipette tips to prevent unnecessary protocol errors.

Reviewer: this won't render as an en dash (it's not LaTeX!)
```suggestion
The API correctly calculates maximum aspirate volume for liquid handling steps using Flex 1-Channel (1–50 µL) pipette and 20 µL pipette tips to prevent unnecessary protocol errors.
```
